- [Instructor] We have talked about microservices
being smaller, but what does that really mean?
Consider for a moment how you decompose a problem
when writing a piece of software.
You don't cram everything into a single function and finish.
You break the problem into logical steps
and convert those steps into reusable functions
that can be used as the code base grows.
This is much the same with microservices,
but instead of a single problem statement,
you are looking at all of the problems
across the system as a whole, that you're operating within.
The first area of decomposition we will talk about
is the service types that you can create.
These are designed to provide very specific uses
across the system as a whole.
Each service has a distinct function in the system
and through building these services,
we decompose the problems we need to solve
into smaller blocks of work.
Domain-based services are usually one of the first areas
we attack when building microservices.
We will discuss how we use domain driven design
to build functional domains,
and then break up our system on these domain boundaries.
These domains can further be broken down
into functional needs like data domain services
or ed services, but only if those are called upon,
based on our architecture as a whole.
Another breaking point in service designs
comes from your business processes themselves.
Sometimes, complex processes have so much inherent coupling
that you cannot further break it down into smaller domains
while still maintaining sustainable traffic patterns
across your system as a whole.
Because of the needs of network health,
these business process domains
become a clear point of delineation within your system
without further breaking them down.
Now, in some business models, eventual consistency
isn't an acceptable model.
While these are few and far between for most industries,
there are some use cases for this,
especially in the financial services realm.
As such, business process themselves
maybe too granular to still achieve an atomic state.
So, you need to build your decomposition model
around the atomic transaction itself.
And we're going to get really deep into this
because this is an important point.
Functional use patterns.
We need to talk about ways to achieve this
in a microservices architecture as a whole.
The first one that we will discuss
is a very powerful strategy to migrate
from a monolithic system into a microservices architecture
based on other design patterns.
And that is called the strangler pattern.
It is by far the most common pattern talked about
when dealing with microservices,
because often, we are breaking down monoliths
instead of writing new systems.
Another strategy that we will discuss
that often gets used to promote separation of concerns
across the system as a whole is the sidecar pattern.
This pattern allows us to offload
often operational security functions
into separate functional components that they themselves
get deployed alongside the main service component
so that we don't litter our code
with all of these functional needs
across the system as a whole.
So now, that we have an overview,
let's jump into our domain-based services.